While doing this project I was able to use GitHub Copilot in a very affective way. I used it to help me structure some functions for cleaning the dataset. When I started to type in certain function to get rid of whitespace from column names the Copilot started suggesting a function that applied str.strip(). Also, after I added a comment, Copilot was able to give me an outline for the missing value handler. This allowed me to get a set starting point. It also helped me when it came to thinking about the order of the cleansing that should occur. 
However, a lot of the suggestions that Copilot would try and give me I ended up altering because if I didn’t the code wouldn’t work. One specific example is when variable names were named differently, or it didn’t handle the missing values correctly for the assignment to work or make sense. I had to rewrite or redo certain parts of it in order to complete the assignment and meet the project requirements. I also changed around certain functions to keep the script concise and even added comments that help explain the steps. 
In the end, the project I completed helped me learn so much about how data cleaning works when it comes to python. I gained knowledge on how important it is to think before making each step or even during, because even just the tiniest issues can ruin the overall analysis. I also learned how Copilot can be helpful for generating starting points, but it can’t replace understanding the logic yourself. Sometimes the suggestions don’t necessarily help the flow of my project or help me complete it. So that is why I needed to review it and knowing how to adjust the code is very important. The overall experience has helped me gain so much knowledge and get more comfortable when it comes to Python and using that AI tool to help me. 
